Add PIM PAG API documentation in graph beta (#19585)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/privilegedaccessschedulerequest.md

---
title: "privilegedAccessScheduleRequest resource type"

> description: "Represents a request for asynchronized operations to create, update, delete, extend, renew, activate, or deactivate a privileged access eligibility or assignment."

Reviewer: Suggestion - because this is just an abstract type and exposes shared objects. It's the downstream objects that are "active" for create, update, delete, etc operations.
```suggestion
description: "An abstract type that exposes properties used to configure access eligibility and assignment in privileged identity management (PIM) governance operations for groups."
```

author: "mandardalvi"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# privilegedAccessScheduleRequest resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Represents a request for asynchronized operations to create, update, delete, extend, renew, activate, or deactivate a privileged access eligibility or assignment. This is an abstract type derived from the base abstract request type.
> 
> Inherits from [request](../resources/request.md).

Reviewer: Suggestion - apply what you apply in Line 3 above + Show linkage to downstream objects + maintain the inheritance statement as autogenerated.
```suggestion
An abstract type that exposes properties used to configure access eligibility and assignment in privileged identity management (PIM) governance operations for groups.

This is an abstract type from which the [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleRequest](privilegedaccessgroupassignmentschedulerequest.md) and [privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleRequest](privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityschedulerequest.md) resource types inherit.

Inherits from [request](../resources/request.md).
```
